DOCSP-30756: add list search indexes to cursor page (#704)
mongodb/docs-node: source/fundamentals/indexes.txt

   E11000 duplicate key error index

To learn more, see :manual:`Unique Indexes </core/index-unique>`.

List Indexes

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: S: make this a header one level up, as the section is not an index type

> The ``listIndexes()`` method allows you to list all the indexes'
> information in the collection. The ``listIndexes()`` method takes an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the ``listIndexes()`` method to list all of the indexes
for a collection. The ``listIndexes()`` method takes an
```

> optional parameter, `ListIndexesOptions
> <{+api+}/interfaces/ListIndexesOptions.html>`__, to set optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
optional `ListIndexesOptions <{+api+}/interfaces/ListIndexesOptions.html>`__ parameter to set optional
```

> <{+api+}/interfaces/ListIndexesOptions.html>`__, to set optional

Reviewer: S; remove this clause of the sentence

object of type `ListIndexesCursor
<{+api+}/classes/ListIndexesCursor.html>`__.

> The following example uses the ``listIndexes()`` method to list all the
> indexes in a collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code uses the ``listIndexes()`` method to list all the
indexes in a collection:
```

> indexes' information in the collection.

Reviewer: S: change wording to match above suggestion from the first sentence

.. literalinclude:: /code-snippets/indexes/listIndexes.js

>    :language: javascript

Reviewer: S: add the :dedent: setting

   :start-after: start listIndexes example
   :end-before: end listIndexes example

List Search Indexes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When connecting to {+mdb-server+} version 7.0 or later, you can use the new `listSearchIndexes()

> <https://mongodb.github.io/node-mongodb-native/Next/classes/Collection.html#listSearchIndexes>`__

Reviewer: Investigating why the 5.6 docs don't cover this method

method to return a cursor that contains the search indexes for the current

> collection. The ``listSearchIndexes()`` method takes an optional string parameter, ``name``, to

Reviewer: Q: What does current mean in this context? Can't you just call the method on whatever collection you want?

Author: Good point, thank you!

return only the indexes with matching index names. It also takes an
optional `aggregateOptions
<https://mongodb.github.io/node-mongodb-native/Next/interfaces/AggregateOptions.html>`__
parameter.

> The following example uses the ``listSearchIndexes()`` method to list all
> the search indexes in the collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code uses the ``listSearchIndexes()`` method to list all
the search indexes in the collection:
```

.. literalinclude:: /code-snippets/indexes/listSearchIndexes.js

>    :language: javascript

Reviewer: add :dedent:
